Boy, I advise you to stop meddling in other people's business.
You can't afford to offend our group
I'll take care of Li Fei'er's affairs
Ouch you
You take care of him
What do you have to do with it?
Look at your poor appearance.
I can't even take out 500 yuan from my pocket.
Do you want to chop off Li Zhiyuan's hands?
I can't chop off my hand today.
But hum
I see
You won't rely on your delicate skin and tender flesh
I want to sell it for him.
Ahahahaha
Put away your dirty thoughts.
I paid back the money for him today, haha
You pay him back.
Hahahaha
You're not making a mistake, are you?
This is 50 million
Not 5,000
I know
Only 50 million
I'll pay it back for him
System, give me 50 million
I have to pay off Li Feier's debt.
No problem, check has been generated
snort
Give you 50 million
uh-huh
Oh, sister-in-law
Are you teasing me?
Are you playing house with me?
What if this check is real?
snort
What if it's fake?
If it's fake
Today, the three of us are at your disposal.
good
What if it's true?
If it's true
Not only can the two of them go
And I will personally apologize to you.
A promise is a promise
good